Hello,my name is Alice and Jones.I understand that you've taken a series of chart training workshops.I'm doing qualitative evaluation about the training,so we can learn more about how participants think about their training and what they've learned.um So
你好，我的名字是爱丽丝和琼斯。我知道你已经参加了一系列的图表培训研讨会，我正在做关于培训的定性评估，所以我们可以了解更多关于参与者如何思考他们的培训以及他们所学到的东西。所以

I'd like to ask you about your experience with the chart trainings.Is that okay yes great?um Can you tell me your your name?Please?
我想问你关于你在图表培训方面的经验。这是好的，是的，很棒吗？你能告诉我你的名字吗？拜托？

My name is Shane Bloomberg.Jay Bloomberg.okay Can I call you Shay?yes okay Thank you.
我的名字是谢恩·布隆伯格，杰伊·布卢姆伯格。好的。我能叫你谢恩吗？是的。谢谢。

um And share.What do you do for a living?What's your profession?I'm a nurse.
然后说，你是做什么工作的？你的职业是什么？我是一名护士。

Your nurse,how long have you been nursing?
你的护士。你做护士多久了？

I've been a nurse for 12 years.oh Interesting.so First,I'd like to start out and just kind of get your immediate reaction to the training,your memories of of how it felt to be in the training.um What
我做护士已经十二年了。哦，有趣。所以首先，我想开始，并得到你对训练的直接反应，你对训练中感觉的记忆。什么？

was your favorite part of the training and your least favorite part of the training?
你最喜欢的训练部分和你最不喜欢的训练部分？

Um.  well uh I would say that my favorite part of the training was that the facilitator is really took time to have discussions with us.
嗯，我想说的是，我最喜欢的训练部分是，主持人真的花了时间和我们进行讨论。

And it was a very open um kind of discussion that we had about a number of the the topics that we were discussing.
这是一次非常开放的讨论，我们讨论了一些我们正在讨论的话题。

And I felt like um I wasn't just being told things.It wasn't a one way sort of experience.
我觉得我不只是被告知了一些事情。这不是一种单向的体验。

We were very much um learning from one another.And um it was exciting to be in a group with my peers and to be able to discuss the issues that we confront every day and learn different ways of approaching them.um I know the training was a while ago
我们在彼此之间学到了很多。和我的同龄人在一起，能够讨论我们每天面临的问题，并学习不同的方式来处理它们，这是令人兴奋的。我知道培训是在一段时间前进行的

but um I'm wondering if in these conversations that you were having with the facilitators and with some of your colleagues,
但我想知道在这些对话中，你是否与主持人和你的一些同事进行了交谈，

can you remember um any particular topic that was especially interesting for you?well One of the uh topics that we.  talked about um was taking sexual histories and um as nurses who are working in HIV care and testing,um it's
你是否记得任何对你来说特别有趣的特定话题。我们谈论的话题之一是性历史，作为从事艾滋病毒护理和检测工作的护士，这是

often important for us to take a sexual history,but it can be very uncomfortable,for example,um depending on who the patient is,we have patients who come in,who seem to young first a need to take it
非常重要的，对我们来说，性历史是非常重要的，但它可能是非常不舒服的，例如，根据病人是谁，我们有病人进来，他们看起来很年轻，首先需要接受治疗

sexual history patients who frankly seem too old to for that still be relevant.
病人，坦率地说，他们似乎太老了，不适合这仍然是相关的。

And um it was interesting to talk about how we all sort of appropriate in a different way and how a number of us,frankly,were fairly uncomfortable with the topic.But um having this kind of discussion about it really
有趣的是，谈论我们如何以不同的方式对待它，以及我们中的一些人，坦率地说，是如何对这个话题相当不舒服。但是，有这种关于它的讨论

helps me to feel um more empowered to talk to all of my clients about.
确实帮助我感觉更有能力与我的所有客户交谈。

their sexual history so um.Heard you say that you're now taking these sexual histories differently.And I'm wondering if because you're taking them differently if different kinds of information actually comes out from your consultation with the patient.Yeah,I think certainly,because the truth is that I was so uncomfortable
他们的性史。所以听到你说你现在对这些性史有不同的看法。我想知道是不是因为你对这些性史的看法不一样，是不是从你与病人的咨询中得到了不同的信息。是的，我想当然是因为事实是我以前做得很不舒服

doing them before that I often sort of skipped over it or um found ways to just ask and yes no questions and get through it.
我经常跳过它，或者找到了一些方法来问问题，是的，没有问题，然后通过它。

And so now that I'm more comfortable taking the history.I'm actually doing it with all of my patients.
所以现在我更适应历史了。我实际上是在和我的所有病人一起做。

Can you think of any ways that that might affect um and that actual care the patients receive?Definitely,because before I wasn't thinking about a number of these patients in terms of needing the kinds of services like HIV testing.um And
你能想出任何可能影响实际护理病人的方法吗？当然，因为在我之前没有考虑过这些病人需要像艾滋病毒测试这样的服务。

now I realize that the uh other generation is sexually active and I'm taking their sexual history and some of them do need.
现在我意识到另一代人是性活跃的，我正在考虑他们的性史，他们中的一些人确实需要。

to be tested.Can you tell me um anything else that you remember learning from the training?well One of the things that we discussed a lot at the training was patient confidentiality?and um Ii feel like I was aware that confidentiality was important.
接受测试。你能告诉我你还记得从培训中学到了什么吗？我们在培训中讨论了很多的事情之一是耐心保密，我觉得我意识到保密很重要。

I was not aware of the many ways that we can accidentally violate patient confidentiality.And um it's caused me not only to look at my practice um personally,but to also be thinking about the way things sort
我不知道我们可能会不小心违反病人保密的很多方法。这让我不仅看了我个人的做法，而且也在思考事情的分类方式

of happen in our clinic.Because um there are a number of things happening in our clinic that I actually think are making it harder for us to maintain patient confidentiality.That's interesting.Can you tell me more about that?well For example,we
因为在我们的诊所里发生了很多事情，我实际上认为这让我们更难保持病人保密，这很有趣。你能告诉我更多关于这方面的信息吗？例如，我们

have a very small waiting area that's directly in front of world,the patient records coming home and we have a limited number of consultation rooms.
有一个非常小的等待区，就在世界的正前方，病人记录回家，我们有有限的诊疗室。

So a number of times during the day,conversations need to happen among providers.And there aren't very many places for that to take place.
所以白天的一些时间需要在提供者之间进行对话。而且没有太多的地方可以进行对话。

And often what ends up happening is that at the desk where people are waiting to sort of sign in and things like that,we are having discussions about patients um.and We always sort of think,I think,of that desk as being a barrier.
通常最终发生的事情是在人们等待登录的桌子上，诸如此类的事情，我们在讨论病人，我们总是认为那个桌子是一个障碍。

But in fact,it doesn't block sound.And so I think that that might be an issue that we need to have a safe space for providers to be able to have discussions about patients.so It sounds like this is something that you've noticed that your workplace,that this area may
但事实上，它不会阻碍声音。所以我认为这可能是一个问题，我们需要有一个安全的空间让提供者能够讨论病人，所以这听起来像是你在你的工作场所，这个领域可能会注意到的事情

not be um It may have been treated as a confidential space when,in fact,it's not has um have you noticed anything that's changing?In addition to your own recognition of this,well let's start at.  whispering um
它可能会被当作一个保密的空间，而事实上，你是否注意到除了你自己认识到这一点之外还在发生什么变化？让我们开始。低语

and trying to keep my voice very low.um And I've talked to other colleagues about it to try to find.
尽量让我的声音很低。我已经和其他同事谈过了，试图找到。

another space.
另一个空间。

And how how's that going for you?well We have a limited resources,and so um we are working on trying to identify a space,but because we really need the consultation rooms to see patients,it's been challenging.so Can you um tell me about any of the activities that we're done
你的情况如何？我们的资源有限，所以我们正在努力确定一个空间，但因为我们真的需要诊疗室来看病人，所以这很有挑战性。所以你能告诉我我们所做的任何活动吗？

in the training that have really stuck with you?um well One of the activities that we did was um an activity where we talked about the different words for the body parts that are in our vocabulary,because so many of our patients don't use this sort of scientific terms that we used.um And
在训练中，这些活动确实与你息息相关？我们所做的其中一个活动是，我们讨论了我们词汇中身体部分的不同单词，因为我们的很多病人不使用我们使用的这种科学术语。

so I think it helps to sort of desensitize us to that language and and get us comfortable with all the language that patients might come in using.um And so it was both sort of it was sort of entertaining and also a little awkward at the same time.I'm hearing you laugh as you say it.So.  it yeah
所以我认为这有助于让我们对这种语言脱敏，让我们对病人可能使用的所有语言感到舒服。所以这是一种娱乐，同时也有点尴尬。我听到你在笑，因为你在说。是的

its it was fun to have sort of this group of professionals and they're sort of throwing around this.
有这样一群专业的人很有趣，他们在这方面做得很好。

Look at me,Larry yeah.um Another activity that we did that I thought was really effective was that we watched these videos these short videos that showed us um something happening at a facility that might contribute to statement
看着我，拉里，我们做的另一个活动，我认为是非常有效的，那就是我们看了这些视频，这些短视频向我们展示了在一个可能有助于陈述的设施里发生的一些事情

discrimination.um And then we had really,really great discussions as a group around whatever it was that we were sort of seeing in the video.um And you know those were things that I think that a lot of people in the room could relate to and have seen happen in their own facilities.
然后我们作为一个团体围绕我们在某种程度上看到的视频进行了非常非常棒的讨论。我认为房间里的很多人都可以在他们自己的设施里看到这些事情。

So it was it was good to be able to have a discussion about them.
所以能够对他们进行讨论是很好的。

um.Did everybody seem to have the same reaction to the videos when you listen to them?
嗯。当你听他们的视频时，每个人似乎都有同样的反应吗？

or Watch them.I would say that.  um people universally seemed to acknowledge that what was happening in the video was wrong.um But people had sort of different reactions about why it was happening um or
或者看他们？我会说，人们似乎普遍承认视频中发生的事情是错误的，但人们对为什么会发生有不同的反应。

what could be done differently.okay Great.um Thank you.
或者可以做不同的事情。好的，太好了，谢谢。

Very helpful um.Can you think of any additional training that chart might provide,which would help reducing uh stigma and discrimination at the facility for people living with AIDS?well I think that at least in my facility,I
非常有帮助。你能想出图表可能提供的任何额外的培训，这将有助于减少生活在艾滋病患者设施中的耻辱和歧视吗？我认为至少在我的设施中，我

don't really think patients are discriminated against um.so I'm not sure what additional training would be necessary.
不认为病人真的受到歧视。所以我不确定什么额外的培训是必要的。

Okay.so let me um Let me make sure that II have it right and II wrote it down correctly.So I think what I have here,you mentioned earlier,um II thought I heard you say that there are some things that that are being done differently in terms of conversations around
好的。让我确保我有它的权利，我正确地写下它。所以我认为我在这里有什么，你之前提到过，我想我听到你说有一些事情在谈话方面是不同的

the desk and keeping people's voices low.So that seems to me to be a.
在桌子周围和保持人们的声音低。所以在我看来这是一个。

change and.  um now I'm hearing you say that there's not a change.
变化。现在我听到你说没有变化。

So I I'm wondering which part of it I'm not understanding correctly.Can you help me with that?
所以我想知道它的哪一部分我没有正确理解。你能帮我吗？

well You asked about additional training,and I'm not sure that people need additional training to change their attitudes.um I think that like what I mentioned about what's happening at the desk and that's that's not people intentionally um jeopardizing patient confidentiality.It's sort of a function of um the
你问了关于额外的训练，我不确定人们需要额外的训练来改变他们的态度。我认为就像我提到的在桌子上发生的事情，这不是人们故意危害病人的自信心。这是一种功能

limitations of our setting.So I think that some of what we need assistance with is um sort of the place where we're working and how to have those kinds of conversations that are out of patience hearing range.um But I don't think that its intention a lie don't think people are intention a li
我们的设置的局限性。所以我认为我们需要帮助的是我们工作的地方，以及如何进行那些超出耐心听力范围的对话。但我不认为这是故意撒谎，不认为人们是故意撒谎

disc rim in a ting against the patients.so I will that's a really good example of um of a problem or an issue that exists at a facility that can't obviously be changed by training,but something else needs to happen a different flow of
所以这是一个很好的例子，表明一个问题或一个问题存在于一个设施中，显然不能通过培训来改变，但需要发生另一种不同的流动

patience or different flow of staff so that they can discuss patients.Can you think of any other um structural issues at the facility that.
的耐心或不同的工作人员，以便他们可以讨论病人。你能想到设施中的任何其他结构问题吗？

my um.
我的。

threaten confidence in reality.No,not really.
威胁到对现实的信心。不，不是真的。

Okay.so That sounds like that's the the primary one um.Are there,I guess.One thing I think that we do need.  at our at our.  facility would be training for um other staff beyond the health
好的，听起来这是主要的一个。有吗？我想我们在我们的设施中需要做的一件事是为健康以外的其他工作人员提供培训

care providers.okay for example For example,on.  the janitorial staff and people who are who are sort of around the patients and might see patients there,but who aren't health care providers um?I think they would benefit from some training.aha Can
例如，在那里的看门人和病人周围的人，可能会在那里看到病人，但不是健康提供者的人，我认为他们会从一些培训中受益。

you give me an example where um where you've observed or heard of these employees uh engaging in a behavior.What I'm not saying it was an intentional something that they may may have done,that a training would help ameliorate,yeah for example,um just
你能给我一个例子，你观察或听说过这些员工的行为吗？我不是说这是他们可能做过的一件故意的事情，培训会帮助改善，例如

a couple of weeks ago.uh one of our staff approached me and said,you know oh gosh what are the patients in here for?
就在几周前。我们的一位员工找到我，说，天哪，这里的病人是为了什么？

Because I saw that you know it was like his it was his friends,girlfriend who was in the way who was in the waiting area um and she was there for an HIV test and he was feeling like you need to go tell his friend.and um and so We had a sort of one on one discussion about that.
因为我看到这就像是他的朋友，是他的女朋友，他在等候区，她在那里接受艾滋病毒测试，他觉得你需要去告诉他的朋友，所以我们对此进行了一对一的讨论。

But that sort of alerted me to the fact that we might need to train.  staff beyond the health care staff.
但这让我意识到我们可能需要培训。医护人员之外的工作人员。

okay Great.
好的，太好了。

Thank you.Um Are there any other kind of major areas of practice at your facility that you think training might be.
谢谢。在你的设施里有没有其他类型的主要练习领域，你认为训练可能是。

able to address.well I think that um.  I think that our staff would benefit from more training and diabetes management.
能够解决问题。我认为我们的工作人员将从更多的培训和糖尿病管理中受益。

It's one of our most pressing.  health concerns.um So I would like to see more diabetes training.
这是我们最紧迫的健康问题之一。所以我希望看到更多的糖尿病培训。

I think that also some Health Administration training would be useful.um I know of a training that has offered a Howard University that would be beneficial for some of our management or leadership.
我认为一些健康管理培训也是有用的，我知道提供霍华德大学的培训对我们的一些管理或领导是有益的。

staff.So this these were things that it sounds like you thought about and looked into already yeah um in terms of short trainings.um If we just kind of think within the realm of a day or maybe training by distance um art,do have ideas about how whether that would be
所以这些听起来像是你在短期培训方面已经考虑和研究过的事情。如果我们只是在一天的范围内思考，或者通过远程培训，确实有关于这是否会是什么的想法

enough.  for these types of of topics that you've mentioned.The administrative management um piece,
对于你提到的这些类型的主题，行政管理部分，

for example,a diabetes. ,well the administration training that I know of is a it's a longer training.
例如，糖尿病，我所知道的行政培训是一种更长的培训。

I think that it's a 3 month program,um but the diabetes training could probably be addressed through short term trainings.
我认为这是一个为期三个月的项目，但糖尿病培训可能会通过短期培训来解决。

Okay?Great.thank you um Thank you so much for answering all these questions.
好的，太好了。非常感谢你回答了所有这些问题。

It's been really helpful.um Before we end,I was just wondering if there was any other feedback you'd like to provide about the training how we could improve it.I think she'd like to.  see us too differently.Just that II really appreciated it
这真的很有帮助。在我们结束之前，我只是想知道你是否有其他的反馈，你想提供关于我们如何改进培训的信息。我认为她希望看到我们太不同了，只是我真的很感激

and it was really useful training.um And I hope that you'll keep me in mind for future training.Great.
这是非常有用的培训。我希望你能记住我的未来培训。太好了。

Thank you.
谢谢。

so much,Shane.
非常感谢，沙恩。

They have a nice day.Thank you
他们今天过得很愉快。谢谢
